[Music]
this game like life requires forethought
so it's not about where you are it's
where you will be in ten moves or ten
years
our attack how did that even happen that
was in better shape than either of us
yeah there's something I need to discuss
with you what is it your father left
this for you
[Music]
and you alone does any daughter really
know her father show me your face
Laura Elizabeth Montero you're not like
him I suspect you're better than he ever
was
who are you I'd like to think I'm a
member of the Sally
are there any old enemies of dads that I
should be aware of I both know he was no
saint someone was threatening our family
they dumped his body in the river
you said you could have the truth I know
things I'll take to the brave you give
me what I asked for and I will tell you
everything
this is a games
what else was my dad hiding a lawyer a
banker a politician who'd you talk to
the Holy Trinity the father had no right
to do what he did all right the family
when all is said and done you will know
the truth
and you will send me free
the truth must stay buried
you